Bundle fixes and documentation improvements (#2733)
quantopian/zipline: docs/source/bundles.rst

Quandl WIKI Bundle
``````````````````

By default zipline comes with the ``quandl`` data bundle which uses quandl's
`WIKI dataset <https://www.quandl.com/data/WIKI>`_. The quandl data bundle
includes daily pricing data, splits, cash dividends, and asset metadata. To

> ingest the ``quandl`` data bundle we recommend creating an account on quandl.com

Author: I don't think this bundle will still work, so we can remove it from the docs.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ zipline ingest -b quantopian-quandl
   $ zipline ingest

> These commands should only take a few seconds to download the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either command should only take a few seconds to download the data.
```
